{{transclude name="space:Templates.WinITHeader"/}}

{{box}}

= **Our Tenets** =

Charity Sain start her life journey in a challenging level well below the poverty line. Working in a 
technical field never crossed her mind. She was able to obtain scholarships for her education. This 
opened the door to her Mechanical Engineering interests.  Charity finished her Associates degree in 
mechanical engineering.  She quickly found out how male bias the area where she dwelled was. Charity 
had her first daughter during this time. Soon after becoming a mom, she was laid off. She applied to 
Amazon only as a short-term money solution. Charity never thought it would be the start of a wonderful 
career. She worked her first peak L1 Stow associate in an AR building before transferring to an IXD as an 
Equipment Coordinator on a night shift. She managed the night tickets alone, no Support Technicians or 
Support Engineers for an entire year. She conquered all IT Support Associate skill levels of Amazon 
OpstechIT. This eagerness helped Charity advance to a Support Engineer role quickly. In just two years of 
performance in OpstechIT, Charity went from Equipment Coordinator to IT Support Technician to a 
Support Engineer. With every endeavor there is always a sacrifice. Charity’s sacrifice was making a move 
to a new location ten hours away from home. Charity says, “I would do it all over again.”  She has had 
the privilege to work with some of the best in the southeast region. Charity tends to lean heavily on the 
customer service side of IT and being closely involved with the site operation leaders to ensure they can 
be successful and stay ahead of any unforeseen circumstances. Charity is a champion and certainly an 
ambassador especially helping over fifteen Equipment Coordinators to rise to the level of an L3 status. 
Charity says that she will always remain available to those who are actively trying to beat the challenge 
of rising to the top. She also stated how it doesn’t appear to be many females in leadership in Memphis 
and she can only hope to continue to be a positive influence and a point of contact for females in the 
Information Technology field.

{{/box}}

{{box}}
